h1(#title). Brave Collective Forums

bq(subtitle). A custom forum application designed to use Brave Collective Core Services

bq(byline). (C) 2013, Matthew Glinski and contributors.

bq(byline). "https://github.com/bravecollective/forums":github-project

[github-project]https://github.com/bravecollective/forums



h2(#what-is). %1.% What is Brave Collective Forums?

* Scalable Forum Software designed to be remotely managed in Brave Collective Core
* Alliance forums member communication/discussion out of game.
* Compartmentalized/Divisional access to forums
* BBCode WYSIWYG Editing and Preview of content
* Moderation tools for approved users



h2(#installation). %2.% Installation

Development takes place on "GitHub":github in the "forums":github-project project.  Issue tracking, documentation, and downloads are provided there.

You will require a current "PHP":http://www.web-core.org/ installation of at least version 5.4.17 and the PHP-FPM service. The recommended web server configuration is "Nginx":http://www.nginx.org/ + PHP-FPM

You can upgrade to the latest version at any time:

<pre><code>(./update)</code></pre>

If you would like to make changes and contribute them back to the project, fork the GitHub project, make your changes, and submit a pull request.  This process is beyond the scope of this documentation; for more information, see "GitHub's documentation":github-help.


[github]https://github.com/
[git]http://git-scm.com/
[github-help]http://help.github.com/


h2(#license). %4.% License

Brave Collective Forums has been released under the MIT Open Source license.  All contributors agree to transfer ownership of their code to Matthew Glinski for release under this license.  (This is to mitigate issues in the future.)


h3(#license-mit). %4.1.% The MIT License

Copyright (C) 2013 Matthew Glinski and contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.